# Player: NVB
# Turn: 4
# Title: War of Civil Coherence

The **War of Civil Coherence** was a conflict primarily between 
[[hexadecisections|Double-Eighth Hexadecisection]] of the [[First Quartile]] and everyone 
else.  It is unclear exactly why the war began, but many contemporary scholars point to 
the escalation of a wide-ranging prank war instigated by the [[Order of the Black Ladder]] 
against the emerging Remigrationist movement.  Note that the label "War of Civil 
Coherence" is one insisted upon primarily by First Quartile scholars; among some 
Disquietist schools, it is known as "The Revolution pt. II," a reference to the 
Disquietist dogmatic teaching that all sequels are inevitably social and commercial 
failures.

The war proceeded according to the following pattern, at various scales.  First, anti-
Remigrationist forces would perform a prank or other offense in some area.  Second, First 
Quartile military forces would move to that area and attempt to stamp out resistance.  
Without the benefit of [[World Transfer Agency]] logistical support, the resistance forces 
either fought (and died), or relocated to start the cycle anew.  

Resistance forces were led by General [[Petrov van der Deathface]], who, during the war, 
acquired a reputation as an unparalleled tactical genius.  Though unable to directly halt 
the First Quartile's advance, military historians have noted that he left them 
over-extended to the point where a handful of strategic strikes could have crippled their 
military machine.  Did the grand strategist have a plan to win the war?  Sadly, we may 
never know, as van der Deathface was killed by a stray bullet at the 
[[Battle of Quillian Square]] while attempting to bait a squad of [[Kindergarten Kops]] 
into charging their First Quartile allies.  Within weeks of his death, the First Quartile 
declared victory.

~ Sir Gareth, scholar-prince of Haven Rock