# Player: NVB
# Turn: 2
# Title: Vineman Convention

The **Vineman Convention** was a rule of resource allocation first set forth by the 
inimitable Kelly Vineman, the first Head Researcher appointed after the establishment of 
the Nexus outpost in the Nearside.

In the disastrous wake of [[Yanner's Inversion]], Nexus arcanostrategists decided a more 
proactive approach to cataclysm prevention was needed.  This decision was handed down to 
the heads of each division to execute as they saw fit, as per Nexus custom.  Vineman's 
response was to institute the Vineman Convention, which simply ran: "Assign funding 
priority to projects combating existential threats."  Her hope was that teams of people, 
working in advance of the actual threat, could provide enough leeway to prevent 
unnecessary mistakes like those resulting from Yanner's bungling.  For this reason, the 
Convention became informally known as the "Seventh Lenning."

Ironically, the first wave of Vineman Convention projects were aimed at controverting the 
aftereffects of the Inversion itself.  Researchers gradually became aware that the 
ontological trauma sustained by the Nearside during the inversion allowed for trace 
amounts of the substance we now know as [[Ignis Ignotus]] to seep into the plane.  
Exposure to Ignis Ignotus had a morphogenic effect on the Nearside's natives, a process 
we now know results in a complete and irrevocable transformation into the cruel and 
sinister Pyroxenes.  This period of research culminated in the development of the 
[[GCVS systems|Gravitational Containment and Vacuum Sealing]] that maintain Nexus space 
in the Nearside to this day, dividing our exquisite home from the eldritch horrors beyond 
the energy shields.  Environmental reclamation efforts were underway for some time, but 
were indefinitely suspended after the [[Lesser Incursion]].

With the completion of the GCVS systems, the Vineman Convention became little more than 
a historical curiosity until some utter imbecile at the Scholarium officially declared 
the [[aberidus]] an existential threat. The resulting reallocation of resources 
unnecessarily crippled many promising projects and ruined several careers, all because 
that addled, senile //idiot// couldn't resist a pun.

~ Signed, Duke Strato Merovalitus